Flex (#760)
shopware/docs: products/paas/rabbitmq.md

# RabbitMQ

> RabbitMQ is enabled by default in the template. This service is optional and can be disabled to use the default queue from the Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RabbitMQ is enabled by default in the template. This service is optional 
 but recommended. It can be disabled and replaced by an SQL-backed queue.
```
